So we focus on quality at Kiwi Nutz.
Number one, we use the highest end machine available.
Number two, we ship beans to you directly.
Our signature blend is sourced from three countries
Columbia, Brazil, and Ethiopia
And if you know anything about coffee, Ethiopia is the home of coffee
so it's very very premium
And lastly, we use real milk to make lattes and cappuccinos,
which is much better quality than using powdered milk.
So the service piece of Kiwi Nutz is quite important.
We're in the office regularly maintaining and cleaning that machine.
We're using real milk, so you want to take care of that line
and you want to make sure the machines are well maintained.
And we take care of the maintenance and cleaning on that machine
so that's one less thing that the office needs to worry about.
With Kiwi Nutz, you've now got cafe quality coffee right in the office place,
So your employees no longer need to leave the office to get a decent cappucino.